
Excellent quality, the sensor works well, I took the biggest size in the phone huawei y6 pro stood perfectly, it was possible to take and smaller size... but as for me a little more better to larger capacity. on the bicycle frame holding up well. goods was six weeks before Ukraine. video review on the link: https://youtu.be/zwyvGkz5g30
EVERYTHING correct, quality nice of material, seems sturdy.
Excellent seller load! Delivery within h weeks in the course of delivery the seller contacted me due to the fact that the desired color handbag is not in stock. everything is resolved quickly.
quality good
Beautiful high quality product. related recommended seller.
Figment the same as the picture... much delay to arrive...
Excelent! 100%
Very happy. It arrived very fast and it's perfect for what I want good size holder for tools or Wallet keys. screen works really well through the plastic face highly recommend.
Spectacular!!! figment 100% recommended. Shipping moderate. good figment By a Price very good.
Very good the product like the the photo arrived all right.
Excellent and very fast!!!
perfect
Very good!!
All super, I liked!!!
EVERYTHING perfect. very good Purchase
Excellent, is fully consistent with the description, for the money a great product excellent delivery 14 days-quickly the courier delivered at home. phone Maisie 5,5 perfect, senser through the protective film responds perfectly. the adapter is not very headphones sound disappears-it is necessary to correct, I think will last a long time.
All good
Figment lost But took over without problems
Thick high quality bag, thread never stick. a great thing!
It's fast seller rekaminduyu
Very fast and great product I recommend
Good figment recommended SOMETHING delayed But creo that Is By season
As
Perfect EVERYTHING
To днепра for 9 days! took a large bag for 5.5 "but it seems like it is 6" fit, although my 5.5 "in it sits tight, because the phone is inserted into the pocket with a wide elastic band-stretch + Velcro adjust the thickness. the sensor through the film reacts well (potestit it play and listening (перелистыванием) music cord bundled, the length of which allows you to connect to the phone as the bottom and top. Audio cable is good. Bag without additional pockets and walls. all the walls and bottom of medium hardness, relaxed. lock with" lip "so that the moisture inside does not fall. on the sides reflective strips. attached to the frame is not tried, but it looks like that is strong, does not hang out, although it is before cause I have doubt nadezhnosti. Seller operational fair for ce recommend it.
Not very good work senser, through the film. but overall ok
Can buy without fear excellent product, fast delivery with tracking (30 days to win es) I recommend, like product in stores here costs about 80 reais
Is fine. material good quality, phone and touch it is working fine. best price. top seller. it would be recommended.
As promised!
Perfect no worry. free 15 days package well packed.
Excellent shipment and high quality and quick send
I think it's very usable sounds daunting zipper open and close at my previous farmuarsızdı
So-so, the store would not buy
A TRASH
Very nice items türkiyeye 25 days. thank you seller friend. well-made packaging
It well
ottimo per note 4
Order received, the quality is good. 5 inch mobile phone breaks easily. well, sooo happy.
All consistent with the description. good quality. I recommend seller.
The velcro is not very Adjustable, however the Painter front is nicely, excellent size and quality
Corresponds to the description, the material is good! took a 5.5, size l, came quite quickly! Thank you seller!
My congratulations for the agility and competence of services. Received product 100% according to the request...
Great
Bag is not bad, enough bulk office in one. shovel 5.5 inch fit ok. there is a hole for the headphone output, was invested adapter white. bottom of imitation leather vest insert apparently, for greater reliability)
Thank you all perfectly fits the description
To slow in coming But not It look bad To the money.
great ......very resonable
Very quality nice, and Compliant expected although the Shipping was very slow, a total of 74 days.
Facing
12 days to Kiev, it's all record. quality corresponds to the description. size l even a bit more than I expected. I have one remark: why the action-40% ends and updated every day?
Order came quickly! great bag for the phone. very comfortable, the phone and partmone now no pocket. the large compartment load two battery for flashlight.
It has been slow
g
Useful product
Delivered quickly thanks to the seller. all as on the website
Satisfied as requested
Very high quality of products is very sturdy but 40 days arrived
Ok
Everything works, 5 inch climbed into the most
Goods
Delivery fast, even with the January holidays-to the house (Len in St. Petersburg) was 28 days. tracked by mail Russia. looks very good. small headphone cord included. ps: the other day to come to his wife like firm inbike. compare and I will add a review.
Very fast shipping came in 3 weeks time , the product quality is very good. I will recommend the product and the seller Bravo! You Have a Very Satisfied Customer! will have future dealings for sure
Good bag
Get well, quality nice But the mail Argentina a disaster
Checkout was a half months, I ordered 11.11 types on sale now this same product costs only 15 rubles. more expensive so that all the garbage the sale. Quality is quite acceptable, ordered size m, galaxy s4 (5 inches) climbed easily. try on a bike is that there is no possibility it winters in the garage. Recommend the product and seller.
Perfect
Good quality. Fast delivery.
Material and very good product!!!! I recommend
Good product
Luxury item!
All as in the description I am satisfied I recommend...
Good bag. I recommend
Very good figment, highly recommended
fast delivery, within two weeks to the Netherlands. good packaged. great seller!
Great product, great seller. Thank you
Bag is excellent, well secured, sewn securely. The seller is very sociable, actively participated in tracking parcels. I recommend
Great Item!! Friendly Seller. Thank you so much!
All is OK
Product fully matches the description. l took for samsung galaxy J7. fits, in the smaller probably placed with difficulty. hard frame, keeps excellent shape. no odor. in Kiev Ukraine, reached within 3 weeks. thank you seller!
All is OK, thank You!
Was delayed more than expected. But arrived in Good condition.
Never item arrived
Poor quality and slow shipment
Phone climbed, size нормальый, fastening at first glance too. the material raises no objections. as a plus the extension cable for headphones as a present. the phone through the film responds well. in general, waiting for summer check so to speak in combat.
Order received. very satisfied! the quality is super! thank you!
Will buy again
Pleased with the bag, roomy, the quality is excellent, bundled headphone extension cable to the phone. thank you for the concern-he extended, obschitelnyy. I recommend.
The product is of excellent quality and arrived fast, the only detail is that is a bit small and did not fit the my mobile phone samsung galaxy s5 new edition. in most everything right.
all good :)
Thank you all received, Bag class, all sewn quality! I love it!
took a really long time to arrive, well over a month. other than that it's all good, as described. great item.
Great product. for iphone5/5S/se fits perfectly. the bag found Extension headphone nice. but the bag is not very wide and large frame. on the stem.
All super!!!
Very high quality goods
A very long wait for this product
good item and good delivery
All very cool and high quality, inside even included extension cable 3,5mm headphone jack, thank you seller natural home recommend.
Quality of the product itself is very good and the size worked for the iphone 7. but, the velcro strip has little part to stick. getting only the softest part, I could not fix 100%, the front strip more precisely. I will need to adapt.
Excellent. fits nicely to the bike. it's worth it
The article is sturdy and fits the description.
Very happy, came By order although wanted To the CHRISTMAS, of iguaol way Is a good gift my COUPLE will be happy!
nice product aligned with description. from order to reception in Italy 7 weeks
ok
I'm very surprised with the high quality and look of this product. The zipper is durable and the material is thick and tough. The velcro straps keep the bag secure and in place. I'm very happy with this purchase.
It was sent quickly slow mail Russia. Bag fits the description, deficiencies noticed let's see how to behave in use.
This product is very good, great seller, I recommend to buy with Him/Her
Vladimir 24 days. I order 3 times, unnecessarily mail Russia dovezla the first two bags! the third came =) bag standards for samsung a3 2016 bumper, what you need! track to track.
Fast shipping thank you
Product description corresponds to be looks nice and quality. Lunghissimi delivery, over 3 months.
In the form of Useful bag waiting for the summer to check.
Already ordered this for a friend, and now his wife;-)
EVERYTHING perfect. quite slow But Is a good figment
Good material and very usefull! I'm using everyday on my bike, fits my phone Motorola X Style
Good product, but took too long (but that the normal) to arrive
Posting was 19 days in Kaliningrad. quality of bags on top! my blackberry z30 entered in the front pocket is like a glove. magnificent responsive screen through the film. decent capacity. fit all!! (keys, computer purse the reserve, ремкоплект, flashlight rear and предний, the gloves). all as it is written. very pleased with the acquisition. took size l.
all good many thanks
Fasteners not hot. sling dress. Yet it is well designed and hot finished. damage.
Not received the goods
Goods arrived. full compensation by seller.
To Peter for a month. quality liked. bag is great...
Just like the photos. Very fast deliver.
Product came quickly, very high quality + gift
very good
He still has not arrived
SUPER
Good product beautiful product quality cargo time normal big enough material area
The maximum size bag breaks samsung note 4
Very bad communication with seller , item did not reach and i open dispute the seller provides a tracking number for other item and for different country.
Everything as expected
6
I really liked quality super
Goods delivered for 70 days to Novosibirsk. bag sewn quality, the phone with 5 inch screen is fine, roomy.
Is very cute and good quality. it took a long time to arrive But it was worth it.
Very good bag of good quality! thank you
Great product, come to Ukraine for two weeks!
Very long delivery, although monitored. on the woman's frame is not very convenient touches the knees. iPhone plus get problem in length. only without cover and the butt. Bag class, high quality, color bright. but its flaws.
Liked, great to take the cellular phone: d
Long delivery time. Excellent communication with seller. Very good product quality
Great product, all as in the description. the customs Vnukovo lay posting month (the seller is not to blame for so long was posting). good buy. I advise everyone.
Came another color
The order went to the Altai Krai 3 weeks. track to track. the quality is good, the seller 5 points
Very good figment, i am very satisfied. arrived to Colombia in less than 25 days.
Ok, perfect EVERYTHING
Very well made large. has hole to the headset and a small extension cable.
Xs
The case looks indeed good, but if already advertise that the fron tying elastic was upgraded to tying strip/band, why not to supply with the best available product? What a pety, you could receive a very stisfied feedback instead neither satisfied or dissatisfied
parfait en taille pr samsung galaxy s6
Very good figment
Perfect. Very well.
Weak
Small very
Thank You very Good
Quick delivery to AU
Very good product. compliant with good quality
Very cool bag I really liked. the quality is good. all came as indicated! I recommend. I put great!
Excellent product.
Very nice!
Great bag, quite roomy, I recommend. dense material.
Pedi with the line Green and came to me in RED in order, q More can i ask for.
Thank you! Good product, good seller!
excellent seller and product
Very quality nice, it seems good product. to falta try. the only problem are the 45 days it took me to receive it.
Commodity satisfied fits the description
Excellent seller!!
Took forever
Bigest than i expected. very fast quality nice and Shipping.
Took forever to arrive. and the place where the cellular phone and incompatible with cellular phone screen 5"
Muito fast delivery!!!
Great Product Fast shipping
5
Good bag!
SIZE S For iPhone 6 is well
Good figment following your description.
Great product and arrived on time!!!!!
excellent product, very satisfied
Otimo seller Shipping super Rapido
kvalita spokojnost:)
All is ok.
Not arrived
I liked
Great bag, Phone 5,5 tight Go, body, there is a hole for headphones. The sensor works perfectly through влагозащитную film. I advise
Good figment such Which the description
ok!
very fast delivery. nearly 2 weeks to central Europa. good quality product aswell!!
The order came very quickly, literally a couple of weeks. the quality is super. that's just the that was waiting. I will continue to all велотематику order from this seller.
Bag is fully consistent with the description. ochen liked. The seller sent the order very quickly about two weeks before the Kostroma.
Seems to be a good bag. There is only one (big) drawback in my case. It fits my iPhone 7+ but the touch screen can not be operated. It does work with iPhone 6+ and 6 and 5 ...
Straps that are velcro arn't the supporting had to cable tie it on the bike to make it secure to the frame. And it dosn't really fit a Galaxy Edge 6 Plus comfortably..apart from that the storage is great it holds all my tools and I'm happy with it, but you might want to look at fixing the straps problems.
All OK!
Come for a month. quality is pretty. but the phone barely влизает.
Very cool. goods was 22 days. very satisfied. I advise all this seller and shop. product quality is no different from those that in Sportmaster from us. and the price is 2 times cheaper. I'm satisfied. all good day.
Nothing More put it broke A of las BELTS
basic, good quality to the price
super
Nice product, worth for its price. Once i left my bike under rain and i proved that it's waterproof :)
Great bag! functional looks great, adapter for headphones! in general, mast have
Come for a month, kachetvo happy. the negative point was that, the seller sent the goods only after 5 days after payment despite the fact I the fourth day I canceled the order due to the fact that did not recover. but my cancellation was rejected and the product was sent the next day. oh, yes, "extender" headphones not working.
Order satisfied, no complaints about the seller. all perfectly. no complaints, everything is fine. the size of a little guessing (his own fault). the phone does not fit. so I will order from this seller again but razmerchik more. and this gave his son, the phone from him at the time. to the Saratov region was sending 26 days.
Vše v pořádku, kapsička dorazila brzy a odpovídá danému popisu.
Product matches the description that ordered and it is. Ukraine went month. the quality is good.
The product is well made and has good material. Seller shipped correctly. Thanks.
Great bag. ordered 09.02.17. 10.03.17 came. I advise.
great product i like it alot
Quality item. Thank you.
top... Very good
Received quickly. vlazit smartphone 5.5 inch cover book. the sensor works through the film.
Very fast shipping came in 2 weeks time , the product quality is very good. I will recommend the product and the seller Bravo! You Have a Very Satisfied Customer! will have future dealings for sure
Very good.
Something that is necessary
Cool and very comfortable bag. touch phone works fine. thank!!!
Parcel received, everything fits the description, came to Ukraine for 2 weeks, very fast, thank you seller. A good sales.
Came quickly. great bag. I'm satisfied. but, as it will live movable wire, Treba think and помастерить. thank you.
Good quality and very beautiful bag
The bag bought on the day of the 11.11 and was on the road 44 days (delivery in Ukraine черкассы) at the stated delivery time 24-39 days. parcel arrived in the state mail packed in a zip bag, tracked along the entire route. special need to communicate with the seller was not. the bag is very well made, touch through the film works. color corresponds to the image on the site. let's see, as the show itself in operation in the next season. maybe I will order another one. goods worth the money Buda recommend product and seller.
Good quality. Shipping slow
so so not bad
Waited for 50 days)) my husband thought it would be bigger in size...
Very nice item, exactly as described. Packed well, seems like good quality materials. Recommended.
Very good quality bags, and the smell is not very strong)
The way i expected. time is also reasonable. you can get
Very poor seller
a very good quality. Beautiful and comfortable.
Excellent
To much time to deliver.
good product
Cool bag, xiaomi redmi note pro 3 just butt climbed.
Very good, perfect size,
Look recommend top quality
Product arrived fast and is quality, I recommend
Came with a cut But gave me back some of the money.
I,ve finally received my order, but i choosed size L, because my smartphone have 5 inchs, but i,ve thinking whith size M it was enough..... until 4.8 inch
What i expected, good figment I you a 10
As description 10/10
Everything is great. Fast shipping and excellent quality.
Nice cycling bag for use on my mountain bike.
Very practical, enter the iphone plus and the HANDBAG and las KEYS easily.
Good!
Good. took longer for the galaxy note 4. sits well on the bike